[grunt and deep breath]
I'm outside?
How?
What happened?
I was eating breakfast and
then... no! This is Mars.
Right. The lake!
[gasp]
What?
That's right.
[shrieking]
It's all coming back now.
It was your right arm...
[grunt]
What?
Thread.
So it was him.
Akari must have been the one who
rescued me.
hmm?
[gasp]
You!
What did you do to Akari?!
Listen! My comrade better be
safe!
Man!... huh?
Oh, hey, Michelle!
Good, You're safe!
Uh... yeah.
(AKARI) Hold up.
He's still got some fight left.
I appologize.
I managed to bag this cockroach,
but then it slipped away from
me somehow.
Here... Alex is busy protecting
the team, so everyone should
be okay.
You're oxygen levels must be low
from before.
Let me handle this.
[chuckle]
Whose oxygen levels are low now?
Feeling a little unsteady are
we?
And by the way, your jacket
reeks...
[chuckle] idiot.
I take back what I said earlier
Akari. Not that you heard it,
but you're not a good
subordinate.
[grunt] Ow!
You're a good man.
You better hope that Mars has a
god, bug!
We just nabbed ourselves two
freaky bugs. Type: Terraformars
07 CRAB
Huh?
Uh... I'm really sorry. I had to
make a U-turn while dragging
that guy around and... uh...
[sigh]
(AKARI) Anyways... um before the
ship... um touched down... a
message came. It was an SOS.
(MICHELLE) From who?
(AKARI) Squad 6 Euro Africa, and
Squad 1 US/Japan.
Good. Power's up, the coms still
work and the insect imposer is
still in one piece.
Uh, listen. I really am sorry
ma'am.
Forget it.
The fact is, we're all alive
thanks to you.
We can't fly but, we can still
hit the road.
(AKARI) And, there's actually...
one other thing...
I couldn't hear 'cause my ears
were ringing but, uh...
You said I'm not a good
subordinate,  but then something
else?
oh, I said you're a dumb ass
bastard.
Oh.
If we fix the wheels, then, we
can get this thing moving again.
So go change the tires.
You know how don't you?
I do, more or less.
Make sure you keep your guard
up.
Right.
(MICHELLE) I'm going to change
clothes.
Dying of a cold on Mars would be
a real kick in the ass,
wouldn't it?
I'll be right back.
(ALEX) Aw come on Yaeko at least
let us take a peek?
No chance!
Boss's orders.
Psh, some thanks we get for
saving you.
Alight, listen Yaeko!
I'll give you five thousand
credits.
[gasp]
[chuckle]
Yup, that'll pay for two visits
to the pizza buffet... three if
it's just for lunch.
[scoff] Hm...
Come on, you seriously think I'm
desperate enough to take that
lowball offer?
[chuckle] There's nothing worse
than a cheap guy.
(AKARI) Yaeko!
Fifty.
Wha--?!
Fifty Thousand?! Are you
insane?!
We're talking about Michelle
moron!
I mean, it's not like she's just
some run of the mill street
chick,
she's a natural blonde!
And she doesn't have any weird
belly button piercings or
anything.
Well, I think.
(ALEX) She's a real blonde?
Oh well, wouldn't you know it,
something's stuck in my eye.
Did you guys hear me?
Those damn roaches.
No one's responded to our
message.
Are they busy fighting the
enemy?
I've got this sneaking
suspision...
that something bigger is going
on here.
Something more than just... a
battle against a bunch of
cockroaches.
[giggling]
You know what?
I have a theory...
about how insects that were
crawling around on six legs
until five hundred years ago,
or so...
suddenly evolved into bipedal
roid roaches.
[chuckle]
Interested to hear it?
To start, it's clear natural
selection played no role in
creating you.
There's a wealth of evidence.
Your grotesque apperance, your
abnormal ability to aquire
information, and your obvious
hatred of humans.
The signs instead point to
artificial intervention.
According to the head of UNASA's
Bugs 2 project, Alexander
Gustov Newton, someone was here
before the terraforming project.
But this theory...
Eager bastard aren't ya?
Fine.
I'll make this simple.
Because of you and the rest of
your kind...
...you filth...
Earth is becoming a shit show.
Hey!
I think it's about time to dump
the name Papa.
You're gonna be a grandpa soon.
[heart rate monitor beeps]
Grandpa.
If you won't show me who's
behind all of this...
I'll butcher you. [chuckle]
(NARRATOR) Compared to insect
exo skeletons,
the average crustation carapace
is an exceptionally hard,
pressureresisting composite of
calcium carbonate and chitin.
Crustation carapaces are thicker
and some crustations are
autotomic.
When threatened, these
invertabrates can sever their
own apendages as a means of
self defense.
And of course, as a means of
regeneration.
[chuckle]
It is kind of puny.
Guess it's time to hit the
weights and protein.
Ha.
Keep in mind that not everybody
on this mission is fit for
combat.
We can't all be Russians, right?
Ten roaches await us...
Troops, at the ready!
Formation A!
These are the enemies of
humanity!
Murderes!
They are nothing but worthless
swine; creatures that poison our
daughters!
[growl]
Move A!
[grunts and struggling]
[grunts of effort]
[chriping and hissing]
Come on!
Come on...
Is that all you've got?
Blasted bugs.
You feel nothing.
No pain and no fear.
That's why you'll never progress
like us you pieces of shit!
Hey! Ivan!
You're done?
Son of a--!
Joji!
Jo!
Jijijojoj....
Now Ivan...
What do you suppose it's
thinking?
Well, maybe it's thinking...
how cute those nails of his
would look if he got a manicure
right about now.
Sorry, bad joke.
[chuckle] These bastards should
have taken us humans a lot more
seriously.
They should have known that
some plants on Earth appear
tempting to  the palet, but are
in fact quite poisonous.
May its hallucinations be filled
with delicious regret.
(NARRATOR) The devil's trumpet,
a member of the solanaceae
f amily, found in Central
America.
This poisionous plant contains a
hallucinogenic tropane alkaloid
in its cells.
Ingestion can cause fever,
autonomic nervous system
failure, breathing difficulties,
and congestive heart failure.
[screaming]
Woah there!
You think I'm gonna let go?
I know about you Terraformars.
Your central nervous system is
the same as when you were little
roaches, scurrying around on
your disgusting little bellies.
[chirping]
Which means, your brain doesn't
control your body...
the subesophageal ganglion in
your chest does.
So even if I lop off your head,
you'll still be able to keep
moving.
At least, as long as your
gangliar are safe and the
entrance to your lungs remains
open.
But, if I crush your throat...
you can't feel pain, right?
What goes through your mind as
you tap at my back?
Is it, your comrads?
The orders that your superiors
gave you?
Or thoughts of how icky we
humans are?
You see, punks...
my daughter is in a UNASA
hospital right now.
I will defend her homeland.
I will find any terrorist with a
virus, roach or some ancient
civilization and I will trap and
destroy it, whatever it takes!
Nowhere is safe.
I will strangle you until your
very last breath.
[grunt]
Commader.
He's out cold for now.
But it won't be long before he
comes to.
I'm still tweaking my poisionous
alkeloids.
So...
toss me a gun...
...would ya?
Target... captured.
Two terraformars have been
detained.
(IVAN) Sis...
(NINA) By the way, it looked as
if  those bugs were trying to
run away.
Do you think what they did was
deliberate or just instinct?
[chuckle]
I think they're finally coming
to understand that humans are
scary.
Especially us Russians.
[chuckle]
We're goin' in.
It's night already?
[gasp]
Adolf!
(ADOLF) I see...
SOS messages have come in from
Squad 1 and Squad 6.
Shall we organize rescue
missions?
(MICHELLE) No.
Head directly to the Annex 1
crash site.
And try to hurry, Adolf.
Do not let China and Russia get
there first.
(ADOLF) Roger.
I'll handle it.
Let's hope.
Huh?
Oh great.
Hurry up and get the canopy on.
I'd heard that there'd be rain
on Mars, but I didn't think
that it'd be just like back on
Earth.
It's the acid rain I'm worried
about.
What the hell is that?
Yeah.
mmm... what? Fatty tuna, yum
yeah go for it, eat up, it is
the special...
(AKARI) I have't spoted anymore
roaches.
Back on Earth, they're nocturnal
creature aren't they?
Yeah
Assuming these bastards have
inherited that trait too.
The others' nightmare may just
be starting.
[crunching]
[crashing of thunder and
lightning]
to be continued
08 DER ZITTERAAL